Now that we've created this organization, we are going to create our shared common library and then
immediately try to publish it to this organization that we just created.
To get started, I'm going to go back over to my terminal.
I'm inside of my ticketing directory.
Inside of here.
I'm going to make a new folder called Common.
So this is where we're going to place all of our common logic that we want to have access to between
our different services.
I'll change into Common and then I'm going to generate a package JSON file inside there with npm init.
Why?
And then going to go over to my code editor and make a couple of changes to that package JSON file.
Now there's a lot of settings inside of here that you might have ignored over time.
Usually as developers, we really just care about the script section and dependencies and dev dependencies
and not much else.
Now that we are going to actually be publishing a package, the name and version fields are going to
start to become very, very important.
There are a couple of other fields we're going to focus on over time, but right now let's just focus
on name and version.
So for name, we're going to specify obviously the name of our package.
But because we are publishing our package inside of the organization that we just created, we're going
to use a very special format for our name.
So for the name of our package, we're going to take a look at our organization name.
For me, it's Srg tickets.
And then right here inside the name field, I'm going to change that to at SG tickets slash and then
the name of this very particular package I'm going to call mine Simply Common.
So by putting our name in as this format, this means that we want to publish a package called Common
to the Srg Tickets Organization.
All right.
So now that we've got that name in there, I'm going to save this file.
Now, I want to immediately attempt to publish this package to my organization or the NPM registry.
To publish this thing.
We're going to go back over to our terminal.
We're going to make sure we're still inside of our common directory.
And inside here, we're going to first begin by creating a new git repository.
In order to publish a package, we must have everything inside this directory committed to git.
9 p.m. is going to check our git repo created inside this folder and make sure everything has been committed
before we attempt to publish it.
So I'm going to create a new git repository by running.
Get in it.
I'll then add everything inside of here.
And then I will commit all of it as initial commit.
And then after that, we can then attempt to publish this package to our organization.
To do so we will write out and PM publish and then dash dash access public.
If we do not add on this access public flag right here, then MPM is going to assume that we want to
publish this as a private package inside of our organization.
We'll then throw an error because we have to pay money to publish a private package.
All right, so I'm going to run that command.
And we should, after a little pause here, eventually see the thing published.
Now, very quickly, if you immediately see an error message, if you see something that says you must
log in or something that says you do not have access and make sure that you run the command and PM log
in, you'll be prompted to enter in your username and password right here.
You'll want to enter the same username and password that use back over here on NPM.
So hopefully you will be able to publish this thing.
Once we've published this module, we can now install it into any of our other services.
We can also take a look at our published package on NPM itself.
As a matter of fact, if I go back over to my organization page, I can refresh it, then go to the
packages tab.
And I'll see my published package right there.
So this can now be installed into any other module or any other project I'm working on very easily,
in the same way you are already used to.
We just have to run npm install and then put in our package name.
Okay.
Now that we've got this thing, or at least an initial version of it published, let's take a pause
right here and start to add in some actual implementation for our common module in just a moment.